# Egaroucid Free Training Data



## Abstract

There are sets of training data for Othello AI generated with Egaroucid.

There are many data, and you can use it in creating your Othello AI.

Website: [https://www.egaroucid.nyanyan.dev/en/](https://www.egaroucid.nyanyan.dev/en/)

GitHub Repository: [https://github.com/Nyanyan/Egaroucid](https://github.com/Nyanyan/Egaroucid)

Author: Takuto Yamana ( [https://nyanyan.dev/en/](https://nyanyan.dev/en/) )



## Terms of Service

<ul>
    <li>You can use this data freely in your activities, such as creating an evaluation function of Othello.
        <ul>
            <li>If you used this data and you thought very useful, I, Takuto Yamana, would be very pleased if you told me that, or you wrote something like "I used Egaroucid's self-play data for training my Othello AI".</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>I am not responsible for any damage caused by using this data. Please use at your own risk.</li>
    <li>Redistribution of this data is prohibited.
        <ul>
            <li>Please advertise Egaroucid's website or GitHub if you would like to promote.</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>


## Training Data by Egaroucid 7.4.0 lv.17 & 7.5.1 lv.17

Please download [Egaroucid_Train_Data.zip](https://github.com/Nyanyan/Egaroucid/releases/download/training_data/Egaroucid_Train_Data.zip) and unzip it.

You can see text files formatted like ```XXXXXXX.txt``` in each directory,  and inside it, there are 1 million pairs of board and score.

In each text file, there are 1 million lines. Each line is like:

<code>-XO-OOXOOXX-OXOO-XXOXXOOX-OXOOXOOXOOOXXXO-XOOOXXO-O-OO---OOOX-O- 4</code>

A board is represented with the first 64 characters. The letters are arranged in the order of a1, b1, c1, ..., a2, b2, c2, ..., h8. <code>X</code> represents the player's (the player to make a move) disc on the board, <code>O</code>ｆ represents the opponent's disc, and <code>-</code> represents an empty square.

A number is recorded one space after the string that describes the board. This number represents the player's evaluation value (estimated final stone) on that board state.

The total number of discs on the board and the number of positions included are as follows:

<div class="table_wrapper"><table>
<tr>
	<th>Total # Discs</th>
	<th># Data</th>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>4</td>
	<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>5</td>
	<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>6</td>
	<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>7</td>
	<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>8</td>
	<td>60</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>9</td>
	<td>322</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>10</td>
	<td>1773</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>11</td>
	<td>10649</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>12</td>
	<td>67245</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>13</td>
	<td>434029</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>14 to 63</td>
	<td>500000 each</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>Total</td>
	<td>63249078</td>
</tr>
    </table></div>


Data for the first 11 moves (total number of discs on the board is 15 or less) was generated using Egaroucid for Console 7.4.0 level 17. It was generated by enumerating all progress up to move 11, calculating the evaluation value for each of those progresses using Egaroucid, and negamaxing the results.

Data from the 12th move onwards (when the total number of discs on the board is 16 or more) was generated by self-plays with Egaroucid for Console 7.5.1 level 17. The score associated with each position is the score at the end of the self-play. The results were varied by playing the opening $7 \leq N \leq 59$ moves randomly. Positions before $N$ moves (where the random plays resulted in bad moves and the final score and the score of the position were far apart) are not included. The positions published were recorded from these games, with priority given to positions immediately after the opening random plays.

Released: 2025/02/02





## Self-play Transcripts by Egaroucid 6.3.0 lv.11

Please download [Egaroucid_Transcript.zip](https://github.com/Nyanyan/Egaroucid/releases/download/transcript/Egaroucid_Transcript.zip) and unzip it.

You can see text files formatted like ```XXXXXXX.txt``` in each directory,  and inside it, there are 10 thousand ```f5d6``` formatted transcripts.

Since this data was generated for training Egaroucid's evaluation function, the first $N$ moves are played randomly. This number $N$ is determined by the following method.

1. Set constants $N_{min},N_{max}$
2. In each game, determine $N$ randomly. $N$ satisfies  $N_{min}\leq N \leq N_{max}$
3. Play first $N$ moves randomly, then start self-play

The details of the data for each directory are summarized below.

<div class="table_wrapper"><table>
<tr>
	<th>Directory</th>
	<th>0000_egaroucid_6_3_0_lv11</th>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>AI Name</td>
	<td>Egaroucid for Console 6.3.0</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>Level</td>
	<td>11</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td>Number of Games</td>
	<td>2,000,000</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td> $N_{min}$ </td>
	<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td> $N_{max}$ </td>
	<td>19</td>
</tr>
    </table></div>
Released: 2023/07/17

