web_resources/en/download/index.md, before:

# Egaroucid Download

There are Install version and Zip version.



## Download

<b>Egaroucid GUI version is for only Windows 64 bit on CPUs made by Intel or AMD.</b> If you are using windows with ARM CPU, you cannot use Egaroucid.

Egaroucid is optimized to SIMD version, which requires AVX2 instructions, but old CPUs (created in 2013 or older) might not be able to run it. If so, please install Generic version. If you have a CPU that have AVX-512 extensions, AVX512 edition may be faster.

Please download the one which is suitable to your environment.



GUI_DOWNLOAD_TABLE_HERE




Please visit [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Nyanyan/Egaroucid/releases) to see older versions and release notes.



## Install

If you use Installer version, please execute the installer. You need admin rights.

If you see "Windows protected your PC" popup, then you can run this  software with clicking "More info", then "Run anyway". Please do this  operation at your own risk.

Pictures below are example in Japanese.



<div class="centering_box">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/cant_run1.png" alt="running accross Windows protected your PC">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/cant_run2.png" alt="Press More Info and then you can run Egaroucid">
</div>




## Run

Please execute <code>Egaroucid_[version].exe</code> to run Egaroucid!

<div class="centering_box">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/egaroucid.png" alt="Egaroucid">
</div>


## About Changing Book Format

### to egbk3 Format

Book format is changed in Egaroucid 6.5.1 to ```.egbk3``` extension. If you used older version and install 6.5.1, Egaroucid automatically convert book format in first execution. Also, you can use old ```.egbk2``` and ```.egbk``` book in "Book Import" function.

### to egbk2 Format

Book format is changed in Egaroucid 6.3.0. The new book's filename extension is ```.egbk2```. If you used version 6.2.0 or older and install 6.3.0, Egaroucid automatically convert book format in first execution. Also, you can use old ```.egbk``` book in "Book Reference" and "Book merge", but the save format is only new ```.egbk2```.

Commit message:

update download page, write more about install / portable version

web_resources/en/download/index.md, after:

# Egaroucid Download

There are Install version and Zip version.



## Download

<b>Egaroucid GUI version is for only Windows 64 bit on CPUs made by Intel or AMD.</b> If you are using windows with ARM CPU, you cannot use Egaroucid.

Please download the one which is suitable to your environment.



GUI_DOWNLOAD_TABLE_HERE



There are 2 versions of Egaroucid, Install version and Portable version. You can use Install version with download the installer and run it to install Egaroucid. With Portable version, you should just download the zip file and unzip it. You can put Portable version into USB memory and use it in various computers.

Egaroucid is optimized to SIMD version, which requires AVX2 instructions, but old CPUs (created in 2013 or older) might not be able to run it. If so, please install Generic version. If you have a CPU that have AVX-512 extensions, AVX512 edition may be faster.


Please visit [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Nyanyan/Egaroucid/releases) to see older versions and release notes.



## Install

If you use Installer version, please execute the installer. You need admin rights.

If you see "Windows protected your PC" popup, then you can run this  software with clicking "More info", then "Run anyway". Please do this  operation at your own risk.

Pictures below are example in Japanese.



<div class="centering_box">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/cant_run1.png" alt="running accross Windows protected your PC">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/cant_run2.png" alt="Press More Info and then you can run Egaroucid">
</div>




## Run

Please execute <code>Egaroucid_[version].exe</code> to run Egaroucid!

<div class="centering_box">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/egaroucid.png" alt="Egaroucid">
</div>


## About Changing Book Format

### to egbk3 Format

Book format is changed in Egaroucid 6.5.1 to ```.egbk3``` extension. If you used older version and install 6.5.1, Egaroucid automatically convert book format in first execution. Also, you can use old ```.egbk2``` and ```.egbk``` book in "Book Import" function.

### to egbk2 Format

Book format is changed in Egaroucid 6.3.0. The new book's filename extension is ```.egbk2```. If you used version 6.2.0 or older and install 6.3.0, Egaroucid automatically convert book format in first execution. Also, you can use old ```.egbk``` book in "Book Reference" and "Book merge", but the save format is only new ```.egbk2```.
