web_resources/en/download/index_writing.md, before:

# Egaroucid Download

There are Install version and Zip version.



## Download

Please download the one which is suitable to your environment.



Please execute installer if you use Install version.



Please unzip if you use Zip version.



Egaroucid is optimized to SIMD version, which requires AVX2 instructions, but old CPUs (created in 2013 or older) might not be able to run it. If so, please install Generic version.



Egaroucid 6.5.2 was first released 2024/02/13, but I accidentally published a slower version. I fixed this problem at 2024/02/14 0:00 (UTC+9). If you downloaded it in 2024/02/13, please re-install it.



DOWNLOAD_TABLE_HERE




Please visit [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Nyanyan/Egaroucid/releases) to see older versions and release notes.



## Install

If you use Installer version, please execute the installer. You need admin rights.

If you see "Windows protected your PC" popup, then you can run this  software with clicking "More info", then "Run anyway". Please do this  operation at your own risk.

Pictures below are example in Japanese.



<div class="centering_box">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/cant_run1.png" alt="running accross Windows protected your PC">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/cant_run2.png" alt="Press More Info and then you can run Egaroucid">
</div>




## Execute

Please execute <code>Egaroucid_[version].exe</code> to run Egaroucid!

<div class="centering_box">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/egaroucid.png" alt="Egaroucid">
</div>


## About Changing Book Format

### to egbk3 Format

Book format is changed in Egaroucid 6.5.1 to ```.egbk3``` extension. If you used older version and install 6.5.1, Egaroucid automatically convert book format in first execution. Also, you can use old ```.egbk2``` and ```.egbk``` book in "Book Import" function.

### to egbk2 Format

Book format is changed in Egaroucid 6.3.0. The new book's filename extension is ```.egbk2```. If you used version 6.2.0 or older and install 6.3.0, Egaroucid automatically convert book format in first execution. Also, you can use old ```.egbk``` book in "Book Reference" and "Book merge", but the save format is only new ```.egbk2```.

Commit message:

add warnings to download page

web_resources/en/download/index_writing.md, after:

# Egaroucid Download

There are Install version and Zip version.



## Download

Please download the one which is suitable to your environment.

<b>With Microsoft Edge, you might not be able to download Egaroucid. Please use Firefox, Chrome, etc.</b>

Egaroucid is optimized to SIMD version, which requires AVX2 instructions, but old CPUs (created in 2013 or older) might not be able to run it. If so, please install Generic version.

Egaroucid 6.5.2 was first released 2024/02/13, but I accidentally published a slower version. I fixed this problem at 2024/02/14 0:00 (UTC+9). If you downloaded it in 2024/02/13, please re-install it.



DOWNLOAD_TABLE_HERE




Please visit [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Nyanyan/Egaroucid/releases) to see older versions and release notes.



## Install

If you use Installer version, please execute the installer. You need admin rights.

If you see "Windows protected your PC" popup, then you can run this  software with clicking "More info", then "Run anyway". Please do this  operation at your own risk.

Pictures below are example in Japanese.



<div class="centering_box">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/cant_run1.png" alt="running accross Windows protected your PC">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/cant_run2.png" alt="Press More Info and then you can run Egaroucid">
</div>




## Execute

Please execute <code>Egaroucid_[version].exe</code> to run Egaroucid!

<div class="centering_box">
    <img class="pic2" src="img/egaroucid.png" alt="Egaroucid">
</div>


## About Changing Book Format

### to egbk3 Format

Book format is changed in Egaroucid 6.5.1 to ```.egbk3``` extension. If you used older version and install 6.5.1, Egaroucid automatically convert book format in first execution. Also, you can use old ```.egbk2``` and ```.egbk``` book in "Book Import" function.

### to egbk2 Format

Book format is changed in Egaroucid 6.3.0. The new book's filename extension is ```.egbk2```. If you used version 6.2.0 or older and install 6.3.0, Egaroucid automatically convert book format in first execution. Also, you can use old ```.egbk``` book in "Book Reference" and "Book merge", but the save format is only new ```.egbk2```.
